---
title: "카피라이팅 과정. 이런 정보 주세요."
date: 2021-06-08
descriptions: common mistake in big or small company EN page
menu:
  sidebar:
    name: face-palm
    identifier: translation-fail


---


    What keywords are you targetting?  If you’re aiming for a Google ranking or lots of traffic to your blog or website, what’re the primary and secondary keywords you’re targetting?


    ming for. Include examples of content you like and don’t like – and say why.
    What’s the overall tone of voice and style? This should be consistent with your brand, and your customers’ values.
    For example, if you run a law firm, you probably want the tone of voice to be formal, self-assured, and professional. Whereas, if you’re selling dresses to teenagers, you want to sound youthful, hip, and fun-loving.

    What’s the deadline? When do you want to see the first draft and is there a publication date?

    What outcome are you hoping for? This is one of the most important ingredients. What do you want your audience to do having read the content?
    Buy now? Click on a link, download a report? Can you quantify your goal: Do you want to sell 200 dresses during the promotion, or get 100 more subscribers for your blog post? How will you measure the success of the project? Maybe it’s a page 1 Google ranking.  You need to be as specific as possible with this one.

    Are there any trends, government regulations, or market conditions impacting your industry that your writer should be aware of?


    Do you have a brand style guide? If so, provide a copy with your brief.
    What visual style preferences or layouts does the writer need to be aware of. Will you be providing images?

    What mandatory inclusions would you like in your content? They could be:
        phone number
        web or email address
        a link to a landing or sales page
        any call to action (‘Buy Now’, ‘Sign me up”, ‘Download the Guide Here’,)
        hyperlinks to other web pages
        keywords and phrases
